Add merge strategy to readme (#135)
NDLA-H5P/h5p-topic-map: README.md

npm test
```

## Merging Strategy:

In this project we use rebase merging without fast-forwarding when closing pull requests as standard. After completing the review process, close pull requests with the following steps:

> 1. Add new comment: `/rebase` to the pull request that is ready to be merged. Fix merge conflicts if there is any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add new comment: `/rebase` to the pull request that is ready to be merged. Fix merge conflicts if there are any.
```

npm test
```

## Merging Strategy:

> In this project we will be using rebase merging without fast-forwarding when closing pull requests as standard. After completing the review process, close pull requests with the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project we use rebase merging without fast-forwarding when closing pull requests as standard. After completing the review process, close pull requests with the following steps:
```

1. Make sure your local `main` branch is at the top / updated.
2. Checkout the branch that is ready to be merged.

> 3. Check if your branch is on top of `main`, you can do this by using git command `git graph --oneline --graph` or GUI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Check if your branch is on top of `main`, you can do this by using git command `git log --oneline --graph` or GUI.
```

Author: Good catch!

> 4. If your branch is on top of the `main` branch, you can go straight to step 6. Otherwise, rebase by using git command `git rebase main` and resolve merge conflicts if there are any.

Reviewer: By using `origin/main` we might be able to drop step one.

```suggestion
4. If your branch is on top of the `main` branch, you can go straight to step 6. Otherwise, rebase by using git command `git rebase origin/main` and resolve merge conflicts if there are any.
```

> 4. If your branch is on top of the `main` branch, you can go straight to step 6. Otherwise, rebase by using git command `git rebase main` and resolve merge conflicts if there are any.

Reviewer: Can these be combined somehow? Is it not safe to do `git rebase main` in step 3 either way?

Author: You are correct, it is safe to rebase even if no rebase was needed. We can combine these two to reduce a couple of steps.
